How about Shen Longshan?
What else do you want to do with my godfather?
Shen Longshan, you dare to touch my people
God, it was Zhao Hailong who kidnapped my old friend
I just came to him for a theory
The sea dragon has a reason for doing things
What are you going to theorize about?
Like self-care
Otherwise I encounter life force
The Shen family is barren
Grandpa, you must make the decision for me.
What's wrong with me being a grandson?
I want to marry the daughter of the Shen family
But he disagrees. Hum.
You have to say something for me
Xing Shenlongshan
My grandson has a crush on your daughter
Dad, your daughter will marry my grandson.
I'll cover you if something happens in the newspaper
Or I'll make you fall from heaven to hell
Swallow is absolutely not possible
I wouldn't sacrifice my daughter's happiness if I beat her to death
The answer you dare to disobey me
What about you?
If you dare to come
See if I slap you
Who are you to dare to speak to this old man in such a tone?
Godfather
He's just a stinky security guard from out of town
How dare he hit me?
Who wants to die?
You, a security guard, dare to tell the old man in such a tone
It doesn't seem to destroy your wealth
Heaven is not allowed
You wait for me.
I'll be right there.
Godfather, we are waiting for you
Hey, hahaha.
You have angered God
See how you die